I learned the reason to become strong
Take me and go
I feel dizzy by the muddy flashback
That means you have something you want to grab hold of
That's all
The scent of night
(I'll spend all thirty nights)
Even if I stare at the sky
(Staring into the sky)
The only thing you can change is yourself
That's all
I learned the reason to become strong
Take me and go
Dreams that you can't erase no matter what
An unstoppable "now"
If you can become stronger for someone
Thank you, sadness
I learned why I lost when I was beaten up by the world
Bloom, crimson lotus
Shine the fate
The sound of lightning pierced my ears
Is there anything you can protect just by being nice? I know
Good and evil are entangled in water, divine punishment that can see clear hypocrisy
(Tell me why, tell me why, tell me why, tell me... I don't need you!)
One flower that continues to struggle for blossom is more beautiful than a gem
Road full of sharp thorns
It will only appear for me who means it
Don't easily get rid of your dreams, even dreams that can't be protected
This red lotus heart is rooted and lives in this blood
Hidden secrets will disappear because they are scattered
A heartbreaking wind scream that tore it apart
A person's laughter and cry
Everyone wants happiness
Dreams that you can't erase no matter what
An unstoppable "now"
If you can become stronger for someone
Thank you, sadness
I learned why I lost when I was beaten up by the world
Bloom, crimson lotus
Shine the fate